[Autogenerated] Once you've got your development environment set up for Docker,
we can focus on our A s P dot net core application,
which also needs to be set up to be Doc Arised,
in other words,
has the code that Dr will need to build an image with the
application in it and run a container based on that image.
That's something that's really easy to do with the doctor extension.
And also to be very clear,
this task has nothing to do with AWS Tool kit or with AWS.
Start by right clicking on the project Goto.
Add on the menu and you'll see a pair of options that are
available because of the container support tools.
One is container orchestration support, and the other is darker support.
Choose darker support.
You'll be asked if you want this to be a Linux or Windows based container,
and you do want it to be for Lennox, which is the default.
If you were using a classic SP dot net application,
then you would need to choose Windows.
But since .net course cross platform, we can use Lennox,
which is much lighter weight.
Then click OK, and all that's happened is that two new files have been added.
One is this docker file, but the container tools are doing something else.
They're not adding more support.
That's all done.
But by default, the container tools will automatically spin up a container.
Instance.
If it sees that there's a Dr file, let's take a look at that docker file.
By default, the tools have built what's referred to as a multi stage docker file.
I'll give you a very quick overview of what's going on here,
although to be honest, you could get away without knowing the details.
But I won't sleep well tonight if I didn't ensure you
have some clue about what's going on.
It starts by building an image based on the official
s p dot net core runtime image.
Then it creates a second image that's based on the official
STK image and that will have the ability to run things like
dotnet build and other STK tasks.
And in this stage,
it copies your project into this image and builds the project inside the image.
Now we're onto the next stage where it creates yet another image
based on that sdk image that has the app in it,
and it runs .net publish to create all the assets needed for the up to run.
And then, finally,
the last stage where it creates a more streamlined image with out the sdk,
which makes it smaller and stuffs the published assets into that image that
becomes the final image that will use to run our containers.
Remember, I said that the doctor support added to files.
The other one is tucked in under the docker file in Solution Explorer.
It's dot docker ignore,
and it lists any files that should not be copied into any of the images.
And for our purposes, the default file should be perfectly fine.
In the end,
what's really going on here with a Dr file is that it's just
instructions that will result in the image to be deployed,
regardless of where you're deploying it, to ensuring that will always be the same wherever it's being hosted.